Docs: Slightly reconstruct the "Smooth upgrade mount pod" document (#1151)
juicedata/juicefs-csi-driver: docs/en/administration/troubleshooting-cases.md

## Mount Pod failure {#mount-pod-error}

> JuiceFS Client runs inside the Mount Pod and there's a variety of possible causes for error, this section covers some of the more frequently seen problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JuiceFS client operates within the Mount Pod, and errors can arise from various causes. This section covers some of the most common issues.
```
